BITCOIN STOCK TO FLOW (SF OR S2F)MODEL 
In simple term, model is an abstract representation of reality. S2F  model is a method of valuing precious commodities (gold, silver etc) based on the abundance of a particular resource. The S2F ratio is determined by dividing the amount of a resource held in reserves by the amount it is produced annually. 
It essentially shows how much is supplied of a given resource relative to the total supply in a given market in a year. The higher the S2F ratio, the less new supply enters the market relative to the total supply. As such, an asset with a higher  S2F ratio should, in theory, retain its value well over the long-term.
Bitcoin S2F model essentially treats bitcoins comparably to scarce commodities, like gold or silver which the model was originally used to value. Applying the  S2F model to Bitcoin is often attributed to PlanB and his article Modeling Bitcoin’s Value with Scarcity.
According to the advocates of the  S2F model, Bitcoin is a similar resource to gold or silver. It’s scarce, relatively costly to produce, and its maximum supply is capped at 21 million coins. Also, Bitcoin’s supply issuance is defined on the protocol level, which makes the flow completely predictable. 
Bitcoin S2F model has failed as a valuation model for Bitcoin because it measures only scarcity, it doesn’t account for all other factors that determine the value of an asset. Models are only as strong as their assumptions. 
The valuation of an asset requires taking into account its volatility. If the volatility is predictable to some extent, the valuation model may be more reliable. However, Bitcoin is notorious for its large price moves hence the inability of S2F to determine it's value.
Bitcoin has been priced in a free market from its inception. This means that the price is mostly self-regulated on the open market by users, traders, and speculators. Combine that with relatively low liquidity, and Bitcoin is likely to be more exposed to sudden spikes of volatility than other assets. So the model may not be able to account for this either.
Other external factors, such as economic Black Swan events, could also undermine this model. Though it’s worth noting that the same applies to essentially any model that tries to predict the price of an asset based on historical data. Black Swan event, by definition, has an element of surprise. Historical data can’t account for unknown events.
Bitcoin has only been around for a little more than ten years. A long-term valuation models like the Stock to Flow need a larger data set for more reliable accuracy. Therefore until S2F model proves it's ability to value Bitcoin in long term, it's not a valid model for Bitcoin price.
In conclusion, every model is as strong as its assumptions, S2F model is based on scarcity. Bitcoin like other assets have other properties apart from scarcity, therefore valuing Bitcoin with S2F has failed in factoring-in all other aspects of Bitcoin valuation.
